The coding part of your assessment has two components:
To code a website using Visual Studio Code (VSCode) or any other similar editor. The website should be 4 pages (including the landing page)
 and must include elements and skills taught to you in each of the coding sessions. The more elements you use to effect and code successful
ly, the better. The site architecture also needs to be clearly visible and consider standards, accessibility, and usability criteria. 
You will submit your assignment using Git and Github. [50% of your final grade]
To write a report where you outline your decisions and explain your choices e.g. why you have placed a menu bar at the top, the reason you
 have chosen to use a certain font or colour choice, details about the code and its formatting, etc. [20% of your final grade]
CODING ASSESSMENT DELIVERABLES (BOTH PARTS)
Your assignment submission must contain:

PART I: A Website

HTML code: build four HTML documents using Semantic HTML. The website should include a form, navigation, header, footer.
CSS code: in total, your project should ideally have five stylesheets: one global stylesheet used in all four pages, and one individual 
stylesheet for each page. Ideally, you should use Flexbox and Media Queries to make your website responsive for mobile, tablets, 
and desktop.
JavaScript code: your project should use JS to add interaction to the website selecting and manipulating the DOM, some basic asynchronous 
behaviour either using a mock API, real API, or some behaviour with setTimeout.
Remember to use best practices, accessibility, correct folder structure, lighthouse in Chrome DevTools to fix errors (except PWA).

Push all of your code to Github and deployed on Github Pages by the deadline.

PART II: Supporting documentation:
Write a 1000-2000 word report describing the development of your pages.

The documentation should demonstrate your understanding of Web Standards, your wider reading, use of documentation like MDN and 
Stack Overflow, any tutorials/articles/blogs, your decisions on Coding Standards. You can also briefly mention design and 
usability/accessibility issues, but the focus should be on your coding practice. Include screenshots for each page showing screenshots 
for the following devices: desktop, tablet, and mobile. You do not need to show screenshots of code, a small excerpt is fine when 
discussing the decisions made.